`azurerm_service_plan` : allow update `zone_balancing_enabled` property without `ForceNew` (#29810)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/service_plan.html.markdown

~> **Note:** If this setting is set to `true` and the `worker_count` value is specified, it should be set to a multiple of the number of availability zones in the region. Please see the Azure documentation for the number of Availability Zones in your region.

> ~> **Note:** The `zone_balancing_enabled` can only be specified when the SKU tier is Premium. It can be disabled. To enable it, the `worker_count` must be greater than `1`, and the Service Plan must support more than one availability zone. In all other cases, changing forces a new resource to be created. For more information, please see the [Availability Zone Support](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/reliability/reliability-app-service?tabs=azurecli&pivots=free-shared-basic#availability-zone-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** `zone_balancing_enabled` can only be set to `true` when the SKU tier is Premium. It can be disabled. To enable it, the `worker_count` must be greater than `1`, and the Service Plan must support more than one availability zone. In all other cases, changing this forces a new resource to be created. For more information, please see the [Availability Zone Support](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/reliability/reliability-app-service?tabs=azurecli&pivots=free-shared-basic#availability-zone-support).
```

Author: Fixed.
